The heels of her shoes had left indentations in the mud.
The candidate made a statement to the press.
That tune really brings back memories.
The whole play was executed with great precision. 
I would like to open my talk by giving a brief background to the subject.
An executable file makes the computer perform a particular task.
The tape ran in a continuous loop, repeating the same songs over and over.
Loop the rope over the bar.
I tried to break the ice by talking to the people next to me about the weather.
There are still several possibilities open to you.
The accident was caused by people driving too fast in bad conditions.
I'd like to think I'm open to any reasonable suggestion.
Alex's old Cadillac is in mint condition.
My computer has a program which corrects my spelling.
I have vivid memories of that evening.
Would you like a bit of chocolate?
The function of the veins is to carry blood to the heart.
Everything he says has a double meaning.
Surely the function of the law is to protect everyone's rights.
I haven't seen him for a while.
I'm so tired today, I can barely function.
The main thing is not to worry.
Who won the men's doubles at Wimbledon this year?
Microscopy is an invaluable technique for studying the structure of cells.
There was a splendid array of food on the table.
The document should be saved in ASCII format.
The software can support files in a variety of formats.
He was recently fitted with a brace for his bad back.
Can you flip the switch?
She has an excellent memory for names.
She flicked the on-off switch.
In special cases the manager will stretch the rules.
Can you move up a bit?
I ordered a double espresso.
Within a week, the situation had returned to normal.
Someone suggested that we play a party game to break the ice.
My investments return a high rate of interest.
The return on the money we invested was very low.
The return journey took longer because the train was rerouted.
Scientists fear that global warming has gone beyond the point of no return.
Once the contract is signed, we've reached the point of no return.
We keep your records on file for five years.
They were horrified to see files of ants marching through the kitchen.
I'm going to save this file.